Maintainers Process (#130)
sensu/sensu-go-chef: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## Steps

Thanks for your interest in sensu-go cookbook! If you'd like to help out please:

1. Fork it
1. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
1. Add tests for the new feature; ensure they pass See [TESTING.md](./TESTING.md)
1. Add a changelog entry under `## [Unreleased]` and the appropriate sub header for the type of change per our [guidelines](https://github.com/sensu-plugins/community/blob/master/HOW_WE_CHANGELOG.md)
1. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
1. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
1. Create a new Pull Request

## Maintainer

Maintainers are GitHub Members who help review Pull Request and help organize and triage issues.

### Pre Conditions

> 1. Shown consistent and quality contributions to multiple repositories in the Sensu ecosystem.

Reviewer: With the scope brought in a bit we should remove the word multiple repositories and make it specific to this repository, probably could be smith'd here a bit but maybe something along these lines:
```suggestion
1. Shown consistent and quality contributions to this repository as well as active engagement in the Sensu ecosystem.
```

# Contributing

## Steps

Thanks for your interest in sensu-go cookbook! If you'd like to help out please:

1. Fork it
1. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
1. Add tests for the new feature; ensure they pass See [TESTING.md](./TESTING.md)
1. Add a changelog entry under `## [Unreleased]` and the appropriate sub header for the type of change per our [guidelines](https://github.com/sensu-plugins/community/blob/master/HOW_WE_CHANGELOG.md)
1. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
1. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
1. Create a new Pull Request

## How to Become a Maintainer

> ### Types of Maintainers

Reviewer: Not sure if it makes sense to go into the nuances that I don't think apply here.

#### SME (Subject Matter Expert)

##### Pre Conditions

To become an SME maintainer you must meet one of the following conditions:

1. Has made significant contributions to a particular repo
2. Has specific area knowledge related to the content.

The following is required:

1. Have MFA (Multi Factor Authentication) enabled on your Github account

##### Process

> 1. Open an [issue](https://github.com/sensu/sensu-go-chef/issues/new) indicating that you would like to become a maintainer and your subject matter expertise.

Reviewer: I am honestly not sure what the process should be beyond this, since we need someone at sensu inc with admin permissions to invite to the org 🤔

Reviewer 2: Probably need to tag @cwjohnston or @calebhailey here to give them time to think about it a little

#### Maintainer

Most maintainers are targetted at maintainting a specific set of repositiories based on language, function (plugin vs extension), Documentation, etc

##### Pre Conditions

1. Shown consistent and quality contributions to multiple repositories in the Sensu ecosystem.
1. MFA enabled on your Github account
1. Have setup PGP with github so you can sign commits to guarantee that your commits are your own

##### Process

1. Open an [issue](https://github.com/sensu/sensu-go-chef/issues/new) indicating that you would like to become a maintainer
1. Endorsed by two or more active maintainers with no vetos against them
1. Have acknowledged that they have read and will abide by the terms outlined in the [Code of Conduct](https://sensu.io/conduct)
1. Will be invited to the organization, teams, slack channels, etc as outlined via internal maintainer processes.

#### Org Maintainer

> An org maintainer is not scoped to specific projects (even if they mostly focus on an area), they provide OSS mentorship to other maintainers, manage permissions + credentials, set organization wide policies, etc.

Reviewer: This can probably be axed and makes more sense in the context of the plugins organization rather than the single repository for chef.
